you know all people it's xenon and
today we find ourselves on black ops
2 for a new gameplay
this time it's to introduce you
the glam camouflage that has nothing
glamorous you'll see that soissons
So here is the glam camouflage
I was wearing of course my little
peacekeeper besides speaking about the
peace keeper thank you fanned in for having me
lent his season pass for you to play
with this weapon because otherwise hello
could never have seen that I did not
want to download the first dlc
that I had bought
so thanks to you tease and his chain will be
in the description I think if you
want to have a little
turn to see and here you can
see how these guys do to boost
d2 in psy of course I'm laughing ah but
you'll see that brief glam camouflage
I wore it on my b 23 r16 ioma
peacekeeper of course this camouflage
we have nothing glam like I
Say it's shit honestly
would look like a kind of the flake with some
obsolete chocapics inside it's
really naze clothes I think that
it's the most useless camouflage and
the ugliest of the game knowing that this thing
costs 1 euro 82 for once i'm
glad to not have bought me
even my sense of mouthing these mouths
things they had to tell themselves that needed
that he's still making a camouflage so
that they did this shit to larach there
frankly it's shit for a
times at least we can say that the title
is more beautiful shot that the camouflage
because it's kind of a bag for
hand is not specially
nice but we'll say it's already
better than that chocapic with milk
curd so that's brief otherwise I have not
great thing to say more about this
gameplay game anyway finish of you the
so present 1.42 maastricht well
obviously you know how to read like you
are not illiterate you could
see in the title 42.5 wallace it's
written black on white
so here is a little bit as usual
a non-lethal gameplay solo on the
wine not exact I still do you
quickly made my class because good ago
a lot of days I wonder all the
time my class my class and then it's
true what do we know if I was not
all this will do good to redo
for once so peacekeeper charger
fast heavy guns long cannon I know
not when we say on call of short we have
all and I had bulletproof vest
robustness dexterity determination
no I had not in 2007 I had looters
knicks arras and then c four and b
23rd this is how you know my
white class
will not ask 40 once brief
today I had a little topic a
little trick that I will talk to you so
in fact it's a little bit following
the video the last time I'm going
poster with the famous rock camouflage
so the video at half-time when Yemen
i'm going to talk that held mad very life
quickly I said I
will talk again in a video of tighten
crazy because I do it with
so the focus is actually this game here I
think there are a lot of people we have
heard frankly that's not it
a lot of noise these days even though the game
will come out that next spring or
apparently but playing in any case that's
what I heard me for now
so we are waiting for saab practically in
a year
the game comes out practically in a good on
the next gen on xbox but apparently this
would be an exclusive
it's clear that this game is already doing
a lot about him and me I
is looking forward to it because
gameplay that I could see so much the
lotro stuff going small trailer and
pilar the gameplay that we could see the
gamescom it's a game that really gives
want it looks super super great
arcadins much more than a call of
duty but I think even the call of
infinity ward duty does not arrive at the
anklet of the arcade of crazy tahiti
because it's really a phew thing
clearly with the power jetpacks
to move like that by jumping by
above the buildings enter the
windows with the jetpack it's really
hallucinatory
let's say it's a bit like a
call of duty but with a dimension in
more that is that of height because
that on call of duty that's it you can
do the jump shot etc
but you can not like that to go up
on the buildings squarely at the
vertical just with a jetpack
it's clear that it's not call of
duty so that's going to add a dimension of
what he quotes in my opinion a
game that will be much harder to play
even if it looks great arcade in all
like call of duty mottu pretty fast but
it's clear that here I think that with
all under the fact of being able
dodge the balls and all that is going to be
much more important than on call of
you can just dropped an old jump
shot and maybe it's a game that goes
ask for a lot more style
and so maybe it's also a game that
will be much easier
developing competition because if
it still took a lot of time
to develop
even if it is clear that with the mode
xp and it's pretty well installed but
apparently as with call of duty
kids it's going to be a little bit of a comeback
back to the competition level
which can you expect to have been
a madness starts to take over
not necessarily take over but
let's say who can settle down sustainably
this game so begins to come out of
every year every two years has
good quality with innovations and
this is what can really become a very
very good competitive game for xbox
one so I can not wait to see this
that it will give because as I had
says in the famous video I'm telling you
I spoke earlier
me for the moment it is worn if I
remake it will be on battlefield May 4
crazy title I'm waiting for it at the turn
because there everybody leave a
little bit of the same starting point it is
to say that for example if I put myself
to the iss door on what there would already be
teams that have been there for years
so maybe a crazy it would be a
new license so that can motivate
like that and that's to make the
competition above so in any case
I can not wait for them to come out because
that even to play in public
on it I can really no longer wait and
expect it to be one of
games that I will post very often on my
chain I think that by the next few
if i continue youtube by then but my
jab so lu not want to stop so
it's likely to continue my chain it will be
normally the call of duty kid of the
battlefield 4 as well as the teil he
must I really wait with
a lot of impatience
in any case I hope that this
little gameplay will have pleased you the
commentary too
so here is no hesitation in leaving a
little like so precisely the video has you
Please subscribe to the channel if it is
not done yet on this match visit
see you next time
do you speak well